# We can use the samekey Generated by AWS  to c0onnect to all the clients, Need to follow some steps

-  Copy the key  to /home/ec2-user/.ssh    (you can keep the owner as ec2-user)
-  chmod 600 key.pem  (To change the permission , since it is ope to all)


# Check if the SSH Agent is Running: First, check if the SSH agent is running by executing the following command:
- eval "$(ssh-agent -s)"

# Add the Private Key to the SSH Agent:
- ssh-add /path/to/vinod_2023_june.pem


# When you run ssh -i vinod_2023_june.pem ec2-user@172.31.19.110, you are explicitly specifying the identity file (vinod_2023_june.pem) using the -i flag. 
This allows SSH to find and use the correct private key for authentication.
To fix the issue and allow passwordless authentication without explicitly specifying the identity file, you can add the private key (vinod_2023_june.pem) to your SSH agent. 
The SSH agent will then automatically use the private key for authentication without the need to provide the -i flag.


# Enable SSH access for the "root" user (not recommended for production systems): If you have a specific reason to enable SSH access for the "root" user, you can do so, but it's generally not recommended for security reasons. To allow "root" SSH access, you'll need to modify the SSH server configuration on the remote server. This can typically be done by editing the /etc/ssh/sshd_config file and setting PermitRootLogin to "yes."
However, it's important to exercise caution when enabling "root" SSH access, as it can expose your server to increased security risks. Be sure to have other security measures in place and only use this option when absolutely necessary.

 #Example (after modifying sshd_config):
   - ssh -i id_rsa root@172.31.32.12
In most cases, it's recommended to use a non-root user account for SSH access and only escalate privileges when necessary using sudo or a similar mechanism. This practice helps improve the security of your system by reducing the attack surface for potential security breaches.
